jpg O'Connor Harvard getting it out to
that 10 to 1 start at the first period
you feel it happen before it's there did
you do that even even that surprise you
you know I was really surprised I feel I
feel the mansion mind anytime I get a
two or three point leads so 10 to 1 go
to the second period I was definitely
confident so good I stopped being quite
as aggressive in your first period I
really went out there push the pace and
try to convert off of he's all offense a
little bit was able to you know make
that into my own I knew who's gonna come
are to me so it's definitely good
feeling going being a 10-1 you know you
never know what's gonna happen so I
tried to wrestle smart and Steve boys
what do you think about every time they
show your name they talk about Harvard's
history How well do you know that
history does it weigh on your mind at
all i mean i know interns academic sir
no the wrestling the fact that you're
only the third finalist yeah you know i
feel i feel i'm lucky i feel you know
even though I'm only a third finalist
we've had some great wrestlers come
through obviously John Harkness and
Jesse Ganson you know Jesse someone I
looked up to my whole life being from
New York seeing him win four state
titles you know when I was a little guy
his brother was uh well his brother he
is one of my teammates taking a year off
he was a teammate of mine all throughout
junior national competitions so
obviously no history and I'm very very
proud to be part of that now you've been
kind of relaxed and self-confident and
saying you're having fun this tournament
but I mean it did in your mind picture a
semifinal where you were going to be
able to get that much ahead and and
really you know understand that you're
going to be in the finals that quickly
you know this my son
really confident but I feel like I
should be doing that to everybody I
wrestle and that's that's what the coach
has been pumping in my head this whole
years you know they see me in the
restroom and until this year I wrestled
much better in the practice room than i
did in competition you know nerves kind
of got to me you know this year really
been working on that I understand the
nerves are a part of the game and
everyone has them you know I'm still
nervous so nervous when i walk out there
but I'm comforted by that because it to
me it shows that I care I care so much
and I'm able to use that constructively
this year whereas in the past I think
it's about its kind of haunting me a
little bit you have a tattoo a shamrock
tattoo on your back if you had that
before this year yeah yeah I got it I
think when I was 17 or 18 years old I
was senior high school it means a lot to
me obviously because my Irish heritage
I'm very proud of that and also you know
this isn't the reason that I got it but
I I grew up in my mind freestylin breco
wrestling club with shamrock wrestling
club Scott green he's assistant coach of
Mt university now he was my he was my
coach freestyle and greco since I was
maybe ten years old and he was my high
school coach as well so you know
obviously he means a lot to me the club
means a lot to me and obviously my Irish
heritage is very important to me as well
you wrestled having the finals he beat
you in a really tough max last year to
be an all-american does that factor
anything into their services just for
the finals or anything from the path
I think I got him earlier this year and
in Vegas so I think I said oh that's for
a little bit you know I give a lot of
cutting these things of great athletes
is really really tough competitor I
brought home a bunch of us I'm three
times last year unfortunately
unfortunately he knew unaccounted you
know but I think he's a big reason why
I'm sitting here today blindness fired
up and you know striving to join a
national title you know I took that that
loss to heart it hurt a lot it's
something I think about to this day you
know and I I don't think that's going to
change whether I win a national title or
not but I think it will help a little
bit so that's where wrong boy you know I
feel like you know sometimes I get
different answers to why does it matter
so much but why does it matter so much
to you you know what does be a natural
can't mean what why do you try so hard
for that you know what you know it's
it's it's dependable just what sixteen
to twenty thousand people here you know
I'm not sure exactly what this facility
holds but it you know even the world
championships or Olympic championships
you don't get that many fans so I mean
some of it has to do with that I think a
lot of weight is put on it you know I've
been striving you know first to be a
state champ when I was a little guy and
then you know I went to the NT delays
and saw Cael Sanderson when it's 4th and
Stephen Abbas and guys like that when
national titles guys who have who I've
looked up to you know since the moment I
saw them wrestle you know this place you
step in here and thursday morning and
you just feel the emotion you know not
even on the wrestling mat when you're in
the holding area to weigh in you know
God's dies our battle and then it's
something they further their blood and
sweat and tears into you know since
there are little boys growing up this
has been this has been their goal
for that long and you know for me that
that's what it means it's it's
everything you've ever done you know I
like to pride myself and the fact that I
feel I do everything right I work really
really really hard to be the best night
I can possibly with me to reach my
potential and for me I really believe
that's a national play-doh all right
thanks